introduction to empty pages (#970)
shopware/docs: products/extensions/b2b-suite/guides/core/README.md

# Core

> The B2B Suite Core component is the foundation of the B2B Suite software. It includes key features such as dependency injection, REST API, CRUD service, audit log, exceptions handling, currency management, entity-based access control, storefront authentication and more. These features enable efficient B2B transactions, data management, security, and integration with other systems.

Author: ```suggestion
The B2B Suite Core component includes features such as dependency injection, REST API, CRUD service, audit log, exception handling, currency management, entity-based access control, storefront authentication, and more. These features enable efficient B2B transactions, data management, security, and integration with other systems.
```
